AND THE FREE PRESS THE PRESIDENT INSISTS OVER AND OVER IS HELL
INSISTS OVER AND OVER IS HELL BENT ON DESTROYING THE REAL
BENT ON DESTROYING THE REAL AMERICA.
AMERICA. WITH ME MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR AND
WITH ME MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR AND NOW FORMER REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST
NOW FORMER REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST STEVE SCHMIDT, CO-HOST OF THE
STEVE SCHMIDT, CO-HOST OF THE WORDS MATTER PODCAST, WHICH IS
WORDS MATTER PODCAST, WHICH IS AN APT TITLE.
AN APT TITLE. HOW DID WE GET HERE?
HOW DID WE GET HERE? >> WELL, HOWEVER WE GOT HERE,
>> WELL, HOWEVER WE GOT HERE, WE’RE HERE.
WE’RE HERE. AND WHERE WE ARE IS AT AN
AND WHERE WE ARE IS AT AN UNPRECEDENTED PLACE IN AMERICAN
UNPRECEDENTED PLACE IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
HISTORY. WE HAVE NEVER HAD A PRESIDENT OF
WE HAVE NEVER HAD A PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES DO WHAT THIS
THE UNITED STATES DO WHAT THIS PRESIDENT IS DOING.
PRESIDENT IS DOING. HE IS STOKING A COLD CIVIL WAR
HE IS STOKING A COLD CIVIL WAR IN THIS COUNTRY, AND IT HAS
IN THIS COUNTRY, AND IT HAS TURNED HOT ON THE PERIPHERY.
TURNED HOT ON THE PERIPHERY. THIS MAN BOWERS, WHAT HE SAID
THIS MAN BOWERS, WHAT HE SAID WAS WHEN HE WENT IN, HE SAID, I
WAS WHEN HE WENT IN, HE SAID, I CAN’T SIT BY AND WATCH MY PEOPLE
CAN’T SIT BY AND WATCH MY PEOPLE GET SLAUGHTERED.
GET SLAUGHTERED. SCREW THE OPTICS, I’M GOING IN.
SCREW THE OPTICS, I’M GOING IN. AND HE WENT IN TO KILL JEWS.
AND HE WENT IN TO KILL JEWS. THE JEWS HE BELIEVED THAT WERE
THE JEWS HE BELIEVED THAT WERE FINANCING THE CARAVAN, THE
FINANCING THE CARAVAN, THE INVADING ARMY LIKE A PANTHER
INVADING ARMY LIKE A PANTHER DIVISION THAT IS THREATENING THE
DIVISION THAT IS THREATENING THE SOUTHERN BORDER.
SOUTHERN BORDER. AN ARMY THAT IS RACKED AND
AN ARMY THAT IS RACKED AND RIDDLED WITH DISEASE.
RIDDLED WITH DISEASE. THE SAME TYPE OF RHETORIC, THE
THE SAME TYPE OF RHETORIC, THE SAME TYPE OF PROPAGANDA THAT YOU
SAME TYPE OF PROPAGANDA THAT YOU WOULD HAVE SEEN IN GERMANY IN
WOULD HAVE SEEN IN GERMANY IN 1938, THE DEE HUMANIZATION,
1938, THE DEE HUMANIZATION, TURNING PEOPLE INTO INFESTED
TURNING PEOPLE INTO INFESTED VERMIN.
VERMIN. WHAT TRUMP IS DOING IS STOKING
WHAT TRUMP IS DOING IS STOKING AND INCITING, FOR THE PURPOSES
AND INCITING, FOR THE PURPOSES OF POLITICAL POWER, THE WORST
OF POLITICAL POWER, THE WORST AMONGST US TO TAKE ACTION IN HIS
AMONGST US TO TAKE ACTION IN HIS NAME.
NAME. WE HAVE A SITUATION WHERE, BUT
WE HAVE A SITUATION WHERE, BUT BY THE GRACE OF GOD, THE LARGEST
BY THE GRACE OF GOD, THE LARGEST ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT AGAINST
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT AGAINST THEM, TWO FORMER PRESIDENTS OF
THEM, TWO FORMER PRESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
THE UNITED STATES. EVERY ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE WAS A
EVERY ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE WAS A TARGET OF DONALD TRUMP’S, AND
TARGET OF DONALD TRUMP’S, AND THIS MAN, A FANATIC, WAS
THIS MAN, A FANATIC, WAS RADICALIZED BY FOX NEWS, BY TALK
RADICALIZED BY FOX NEWS, BY TALK RADIO, BY A RIGHT WING
RADIO, BY A RIGHT WING PROPAGANDA MACHINE THAT IS AS
PROPAGANDA MACHINE THAT IS AS SOPHISTICATED AS IT HAS TURNED
SOPHISTICATED AS IT HAS TURNED DEADLY.
DEADLY. >> HOW DO YOU -- WE END UP IN
>> HOW DO YOU -- WE END UP IN THESE SITUATIONS SOMETIMES, THIS
THESE SITUATIONS SOMETIMES, THIS FALSE EQUIVALENCY, IT’S HARD TO
FALSE EQUIVALENCY, IT’S HARD TO GET YOUR ARMS AROUND THE
GET YOUR ARMS AROUND THE POLITICAL EQUIVALENCY.
POLITICAL EQUIVALENCY. YOU SPENT A CAREER IN REPUBLICAN
YOU SPENT A CAREER IN REPUBLICAN POLITICS.
POLITICS. HOW DO YOU COMMUNICATE ABOUT THE
HOW DO YOU COMMUNICATE ABOUT THE ABNORMALITY OF WHAT HAS FORMED
ABNORMALITY OF WHAT HAS FORMED ON THE RIGHT AT THIS PARTICULAR
ON THE RIGHT AT THIS PARTICULAR MOMENT?
MOMENT? BECAUSE PEOPLE SAY, WELL, YOU
BECAUSE PEOPLE SAY, WELL, YOU KNOW, THE LEFT, THEY’VE GOT THIS
KNOW, THE LEFT, THEY’VE GOT THIS AND THAT -- SURE, YOU CAN
AND THAT -- SURE, YOU CAN CRITICIZE -- WE CRITICIZED
CRITICIZE -- WE CRITICIZED SHELTON NED L ANISTON, CRITICIZE
SHELTON NED L ANISTON, CRITICIZE GEORGE SOROS, WAYS THE
GEORGE SOROS, WAYS THE ROUGH-AND-TUMBLE.
ROUGH-AND-TUMBLE. THERE IS SOMETHING GOING ON IN
THERE IS SOMETHING GOING ON IN THE DISTINCT AMERICAN RIGHT.
THE DISTINCT AMERICAN RIGHT. HOW DO YOU COMMUNICATE THAT TO
HOW DO YOU COMMUNICATE THAT TO PEOPLE WHO EXIST ON THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE WHO EXIST ON THE AMERICAN RIGHT?
RIGHT? >> WILLIAM F. BUCKLEY’S GREAT
>> WILLIAM F. BUCKLEY’S GREAT CONTRIBUTION TO AMERICA AND
CONTRIBUTION TO AMERICA AND AMERICAN CONSERVATISM WAS TO
AMERICAN CONSERVATISM WAS TO KICK THE CRAZIES OUT OF THE
KICK THE CRAZIES OUT OF THE CONSERVATIVE MOVEMENT.
CONSERVATIVE MOVEMENT. PROBABLY A LONGER DISCUSSION
PROBABLY A LONGER DISCUSSION THAN WE HAVE TIME FOR TONIGHT,
THAN WE HAVE TIME FOR TONIGHT, BUT UNFORTUNATELY, LOOKING BACK,
BUT UNFORTUNATELY, LOOKING BACK, THAT THE WORD LIBERAL BECAME AN
THAT THE WORD LIBERAL BECAME AN EPITHET.
EPITHET. SMALL L LIBERALISM, CONSERVATISM
SMALL L LIBERALISM, CONSERVATISM IS A ROOT BRANCH OF IT AND THE
IS A ROOT BRANCH OF IT AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTIES AND THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTIES AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTIES, BOTH LIBERAL
REPUBLICAN PARTIES, BOTH LIBERAL PARTIES, COMPETE IN THE ARENA OF
PARTIES, COMPETE IN THE ARENA OF IDEAS --
IDEAS -- >> A DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY --
>> A DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY -- >> TO MOVE THE COUNTRY FORWARD.
>> TO MOVE THE COUNTRY FORWARD. WHAT WE ARE SEEING IS THE
WHAT WE ARE SEEING IS THE CO-OPTION OF THE CONSERVATIVE
CO-OPTION OF THE CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN A
REPUBLICAN PARTY IN A PERSONALITY WHICH IS
PERSONALITY WHICH IS FUNDAMENTALLY UNCONSERVATIVE LED
FUNDAMENTALLY UNCONSERVATIVE LED BY DONALD TRUMP, THAT IS
BY DONALD TRUMP, THAT IS AUTHORITARIAN IN NATURE, THAT IS
AUTHORITARIAN IN NATURE, THAT IS ANTITHETICAL TO THE ORTHODOX IS
ANTITHETICAL TO THE ORTHODOX IS OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE
OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE CONSERVATIVE MOVEMENT AS THEY
CONSERVATIVE MOVEMENT AS THEY HAVE EXISTED OVER THE LAST 40
HAVE EXISTED OVER THE LAST 40 YEARS.
YEARS. BUT IT IS SOMETHING MORE.
BUT IT IS SOMETHING MORE. IT IS THE INCITEMENT.
IT IS THE INCITEMENT. IMAGINE, AFTER A BOMB WAS SENT
IMAGINE, AFTER A BOMB WAS SENT TO CNN, THE PRESIDENT OF THE
TO CNN, THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES GOES AND SAYS, THE
UNITED STATES GOES AND SAYS, THE PRESS, THE FREE PRESS, IS THE
PRESS, THE FREE PRESS, IS THE ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE AND THEN
ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE AND THEN HE SAYS, THE ANGER IN THE
HE SAYS, THE ANGER IN THE COUNTRY IS CAUSED BY THE PRESS
COUNTRY IS CAUSED BY THE PRESS WHO REPORTS CRITICALLY OF HIM.
WHO REPORTS CRITICALLY OF HIM. WHAT HE IS SAYING TO THE NEXT
WHAT HE IS SAYING TO THE NEXT SICK PERSON ON THE END OF THE
SICK PERSON ON THE END OF THE TRANSMISSION IS, IF YOU TAKE AN
TRANSMISSION IS, IF YOU TAKE AN ACTION, IT’S BECAUSE THEY
ACTION, IT’S BECAUSE THEY DESERVE IT.
DESERVE IT. WHAT WE ARE SEEING, JUST AS WE
WHAT WE ARE SEEING, JUST AS WE SAW YOUNG, DISPLACED, EVIL OR
SAW YOUNG, DISPLACED, EVIL OR SICK OR JUST PLAIN LOSERS BE
SICK OR JUST PLAIN LOSERS BE RADICALIZED BY ISIS, WE ARE
RADICALIZED BY ISIS, WE ARE SEEING THE SAME THING IN THE
SEEING THE SAME THING IN THE UNITED STATES RIGHT NOW.
UNITED STATES RIGHT NOW. THESE TWO LOSERS, THESE TWO SICK
THESE TWO LOSERS, THESE TWO SICK PEOPLE, THESE TWO EVIL PEOPLE,
PEOPLE, THESE TWO EVIL PEOPLE, THREE EVIL PEOPLE, BEING
THREE EVIL PEOPLE, BEING RADICALIZED BY THIS RIGHT WING
RADICALIZED BY THIS RIGHT WING PROPAGANDA INDUSTRY, AND THAT’S
PROPAGANDA INDUSTRY, AND THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.
EXACTLY WHAT IT IS. THIS WHOLE CARAVAN IN THE LAST
THIS WHOLE CARAVAN IN THE LAST WEEK OF THE ELECTION, IS A GIANT
WEEK OF THE ELECTION, IS A GIANT LIE.
LIE. THIS IS TRUMP’S FIRE, IT IS A
THIS IS TRUMP’S FIRE, IT IS A LIE, AND THAT THE UNITED STATES
LIE, AND THAT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY, THE MOST POWERFUL
MILITARY, THE MOST POWERFUL ARMED FORCE IN THE WORLD WOULD
ARMED FORCE IN THE WORLD WOULD BE DEPLOYED AT A BRIGADE-SIZE
BE DEPLOYED AT A BRIGADE-SIZE UNIT LEVEL TO THE SOUTHERN
UNIT LEVEL TO THE SOUTHERN BORDER TO STOP THIS CARAVAN,
BORDER TO STOP THIS CARAVAN, WHICH IS A THOUSAND MILES AWAY
WHICH IS A THOUSAND MILES AWAY AND MADE UP OF WOMEN AND
AND MADE UP OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN, THE INSINUATION THAT
CHILDREN, THE INSINUATION THAT IT’S FILLED WITH TERRORIST ANDS
IT’S FILLED WITH TERRORIST ANDS MIDDLE EASTERNERS, 40% OF THE
MIDDLE EASTERNERS, 40% OF THE COUNTRY HAS OPTED INTO AN
COUNTRY HAS OPTED INTO AN ALTERNATE REALITY.
ALTERNATE REALITY. WE HAVE TO WAKE UP IN THIS
WE HAVE TO WAKE UP IN THIS COUNTRY AND UNDERSTAND THE
COUNTRY AND UNDERSTAND THE DANGER THAT THIS PRESENTS TO ALL
DANGER THAT THIS PRESENTS TO ALL OF US.
OF US. WE CAN’T PUT OUR HEADS IN THE
WE CAN’T PUT OUR HEADS IN THE SAND.
SAND. KELLYANNE CONWAY DESPICABLY WENT
KELLYANNE CONWAY DESPICABLY WENT ON TELEVISION AND SAID THERE IS
ON TELEVISION AND SAID THERE IS AN ANTIRELIGIOUS SENTIMENT.
AN ANTIRELIGIOUS SENTIMENT. NO, MA’AM.
NO, MA’AM. THE PROPAGANDA INDUSTRY THAT SHE
THE PROPAGANDA INDUSTRY THAT SHE COMMANDS WITH THE VILE PRESIDENT
COMMANDS WITH THE VILE PRESIDENT THAT SHE SERVES, ABETTED BY MARK
THAT SHE SERVES, ABETTED BY MARK LUV EN AND RUSH LITTLE ELM BAUGH
LUV EN AND RUSH LITTLE ELM BAUGH AND BREITBART AND NEWS BUSTERS
AND BREITBART AND NEWS BUSTERS AND JUDICIAL WATCH AND ALL THE
AND JUDICIAL WATCH AND ALL THE REST OF THEM, HAVE BLOOD ON
REST OF THEM, HAVE BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS FOR THE INCITEMENTS
THEIR HANDS FOR THE INCITEMENTS THAT THEY HAVE MADE THAT HAVE
THAT THEY HAVE MADE THAT HAVE TRIGGERED AND RADICALIZED THESE
TRIGGERED AND RADICALIZED THESE CRAZY PEOPLE.
CRAZY PEOPLE. IT IS DELIBERATE INTENT.
IT IS DELIBERATE INTENT. ESCAPE GOATS MINORITY
ESCAPE GOATS MINORITY POPULATIONS.
POPULATIONS. HE ALLEGES CONSPIRACIES.
HE ALLEGES CONSPIRACIES. HE CREATES A SENSE OF SHARED AND
HE CREATES A SENSE OF SHARED AND VIRTUOUS VICTIM HOOD, POSITIONS
VIRTUOUS VICTIM HOOD, POSITIONS HIMSELF AS THE AVENGER, AND
HIMSELF AS THE AVENGER, AND THERE IS NO COST TOO HIGH, SO
THERE IS NO COST TOO HIGH, SO LONG AS IT BENEFITS HIS
LONG AS IT BENEFITS HIS NARCISSISM, SO LONG AS IT
NARCISSISM, SO LONG AS IT BENEFITS HIM POLITICALLY.
BENEFITS HIM POLITICALLY. >> LET ME ASK YOU THIS FINAL
>> LET ME ASK YOU THIS FINAL QUESTION.
QUESTION. THERE IS A MEMORY HOLE THAT
THERE IS A MEMORY HOLE THAT KEEPS HAPPENING.
KEEPS HAPPENING. EVERYTHING YOU JUST SAID THERE
EVERYTHING YOU JUST SAID THERE HAS BEEN ECHOED IN THE PAST AT
HAS BEEN ECHOED IN THE PAST AT DIFFERENT MOMENTS BY MITT
DIFFERENT MOMENTS BY MITT ROMNEY, BY LINDSEY GRAHAM, BY
ROMNEY, BY LINDSEY GRAHAM, BY MARCO RUBIO, BY RICK PERRY.
MARCO RUBIO, BY RICK PERRY. I MEAN, ON AND ON AND ON.
I MEAN, ON AND ON AND ON. BEN SHAPIRO WROTE ABOUT RONTATIO
BEN SHAPIRO WROTE ABOUT RONTATIO NEW TO CONSERVATIVES, WHERE THEY
NEW TO CONSERVATIVES, WHERE THEY CALLED IT WHAT IT WAS.
CALLED IT WHAT IT WAS. THEY SAW IT FOR WHAT IT WAS.
THEY SAW IT FOR WHAT IT WAS. AND THEN SLOWLY BUT SURELY, THE
AND THEN SLOWLY BUT SURELY, THE BORG A SIMULATES THEM.
BORG A SIMULATES THEM. WHAT I FIND SO UNNERVING IS YOU
WHAT I FIND SO UNNERVING IS YOU WATCH ONE AFTER ANOTHER AFTER
WATCH ONE AFTER ANOTHER AFTER ANOTHER UNABLE TO MUSTER THE
ANOTHER UNABLE TO MUSTER THE OBVIOUS CLARITY OF THAT
OBVIOUS CLARITY OF THAT DIAGNOSIS.
DIAGNOSIS. >> ALL OF THESE PEOPLE WERE
>> ALL OF THESE PEOPLE WERE HAPPY TO STAND AND ASSERT THAT
HAPPY TO STAND AND ASSERT THAT THEY BELIEVED IN THE AMERICAN
THEY BELIEVED IN THE AMERICAN IDEA AND IDEAL WHEN THE AMERICAN
IDEA AND IDEAL WHEN THE AMERICAN IDEA AND IDEAL WAS NOT BEING
IDEA AND IDEAL WAS NOT BEING TESTED.
TESTED. WHEN IT WAS NOT UNDER ASSAULT.
WHEN IT WAS NOT UNDER ASSAULT. WHEN IT WAS NOT BEING CONTESTED.
WHEN IT WAS NOT BEING CONTESTED. WHAT WE SEE IS A CRISIS OF
WHAT WE SEE IS A CRISIS OF PROFOUND COWARDICE IN WHAT I
PROFOUND COWARDICE IN WHAT I WOULD ARGUE IS THE WORST
WOULD ARGUE IS THE WORST GENERATION OF POLITICAL
GENERATION OF POLITICAL LEADERSHIP THE COUNTRY MAY HAVE
LEADERSHIP THE COUNTRY MAY HAVE EVER HAD.
EVER HAD. WE DON’T SEE VERY MANY TEDDY
WE DON’T SEE VERY MANY TEDDY ROOSEVELT, JR.’S USING HIS
ROOSEVELT, JR.’S USING HIS POSITION TO BE THE FIRST MAN ON
POSITION TO BE THE FIRST MAN ON D-DAY TO LEAD THE MEN ASHORE.
D-DAY TO LEAD THE MEN ASHORE. WE DON’T SEE MUCH OF THAT IN
WE DON’T SEE MUCH OF THAT IN AMERICAN LIFE ANY MORE.
AMERICAN LIFE ANY MORE. THE CAPITULATION TO THIS, THE
THE CAPITULATION TO THIS, THE COWARDICE IN THE FACE OF THE
COWARDICE IN THE FACE OF THE EVIL THAT WE SAW THIS PAST
EVIL THAT WE SAW THIS PAST WEEKEND, THE WILLFUL BLINDNESS
WEEKEND, THE WILLFUL BLINDNESS AND IGNORANCE ABOUT THE THREAT
AND IGNORANCE ABOUT THE THREAT THAT IS GROWING, AND THE
THAT IS GROWING, AND THE QUESTION THIS WEEK, ISN’T WHO IS
QUESTION THIS WEEK, ISN’T WHO IS GOING TO KEEP CONTROL OF
GOING TO KEEP CONTROL OF CONGRESS OR GET CONTROL OF
CONGRESS OR GET CONTROL OF CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. IT’S WILL THERE BE MORE BLOOD IN
IT’S WILL THERE BE MORE BLOOD IN THIS COUNTRY THIS WEEK HEADING
THIS COUNTRY THIS WEEK HEADING TO AN ELECTION.
TO AN ELECTION. AND THIS IS WHAT WE USED TO SEE
AND THIS IS WHAT WE USED TO SEE AROUND THE WORLD IN BANANA
AROUND THE WORLD IN BANANA REPUBLICS, IN EMERGING
REPUBLICS, IN EMERGING DEMOCRACIES, BUT NOT HERE.
DEMOCRACIES, BUT NOT HERE. WE DON’T SETTLE OUR POLITICAL
WE DON’T SETTLE OUR POLITICAL DISPUTES AND ELECTIONS WITH GUNS
DISPUTES AND ELECTIONS WITH GUNS AND KNIVES.
AND KNIVES. WE DON’T HAVE PRESIDENTS IN THIS
WE DON’T HAVE PRESIDENTS IN THIS COUNTRY UNTIL NOW WHO STOKE THE
COUNTRY UNTIL NOW WHO STOKE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO BE AT EACH
AMERICAN PEOPLE TO BE AT EACH OTHER’S THROATS.
OTHER’S THROATS. AND AFTER TWO YEARS OF THIS,
AND AFTER TWO YEARS OF THIS, THIS IS THE DEADLY CONSEQUENCE.
THIS IS THE DEADLY CONSEQUENCE. ANTI-SEMITIC ATTACKS IN AMERICA
ANTI-SEMITIC ATTACKS IN AMERICA ROSE 60% LAST YEAR.
ROSE 60% LAST YEAR. AS WAS POINTED OUT BY A WRITER
AS WAS POINTED OUT BY A WRITER IN THE ATLANTIC MAGAZINE, WHOSE
IN THE ATLANTIC MAGAZINE, WHOSE NAME I CAN’T RECALL IN THE
NAME I CAN’T RECALL IN THE MOMENT, DO WE HAVE 60% MORE
MOMENT, DO WE HAVE 60% MORE ANTI-SEMITES?
ANTI-SEMITES? OR WHAT HAS HAPPENED?
OR WHAT HAS HAPPENED? CAUSALLY, WHAT HAS HAPPENED?
CAUSALLY, WHAT HAS HAPPENED? AND SO WHEN TRUMP SAYS, I’M A
AND SO WHEN TRUMP SAYS, I’M A NATIONALIST, WHITE SUPREMACISTS,
NATIONALIST, WHITE SUPREMACISTS, NEO-NAZIS, KLANSMEN CELEBRATE.
NEO-NAZIS, KLANSMEN CELEBRATE. THEY ARE ECSTATIC.
THEY ARE ECSTATIC. THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO SAY THAT
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO SAY THAT YOU SHOULDN’T MENTION THE DAILY
YOU SHOULDN’T MENTION THE DAILY STORMER ON A SHOW LIKE THIS.
STORMER ON A SHOW LIKE THIS. BUT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
BUT, YOU KNOW WHAT? NOT MENTIONING THEM ON A SHOW
NOT MENTIONING THEM ON A SHOW LIKE THIS DOESN’T MEAN THEY’RE
LIKE THIS DOESN’T MEAN THEY’RE NOT THERE.
NOT THERE. >> THAT’S TRUE.
>> THAT’S TRUE. >> THEY ARE THERE.
>> THEY ARE THERE. AND THEY ARE EMBOLDENED, AND
AND THEY ARE EMBOLDENED, AND THEY ARE EXCITED, AND THEY FEEL
THEY ARE EXCITED, AND THEY FEEL THAT THEY HAVE BEEN MAINSTREAMED
THAT THEY HAVE BEEN MAINSTREAMED BY THIS PRESIDENT AND HIS WINKS
BY THIS PRESIDENT AND HIS WINKS AND NODS AND DOG WHISTLE ANDS
AND NODS AND DOG WHISTLE ANDS OUTRIGHT NEAR ENDORSEMENTS.
OUTRIGHT NEAR ENDORSEMENTS. AND WHAT A SIGNAL HE SENDS ON A
AND WHAT A SIGNAL HE SENDS ON A DAY WHERE WE SEE THE LARGEST
DAY WHERE WE SEE THE LARGEST MASS KILLING OF JEWS IN AMERICAN
MASS KILLING OF JEWS IN AMERICAN HISTORY, INCITED BY THIS
HISTORY, INCITED BY THIS PROPAGANDA, WHERE HIS REASONS
PROPAGANDA, WHERE HIS REASONS AND HIS FINAL TWEETS ARE THE
AND HIS FINAL TWEETS ARE THE EXACT TALKING POINTS THAT SPEW
EXACT TALKING POINTS THAT SPEW FORTH IN HIS VILE TOXIC SEWAGE
FORTH IN HIS VILE TOXIC SEWAGE FROM TALK RADIO, FROM THE DARK
FROM TALK RADIO, FROM THE DARK CORNERS OF THE INTERNET, FROM
CORNERS OF THE INTERNET, FROM FOX NEWS, FROM SINCLAIR
FOX NEWS, FROM SINCLAIR BROADCASTING, IT’S EXACTLY THE
BROADCASTING, IT’S EXACTLY THE SAME MESSAGE.
SAME MESSAGE. >> YEP.
>> YEP. >> AND ANYBODY WHO SITS THERE
>> AND ANYBODY WHO SITS THERE AND SAYS THAT THERE IS NOT
AND SAYS THAT THERE IS NOT CAUSALITY BETWEEN THESE EVENTS
CAUSALITY BETWEEN THESE EVENTS AND THE INCITEMENTS IS AS
AND THE INCITEMENTS IS AS DISHONEST AS THEY ARE BLIND.